Capture a full image or an entity crop from a running Bevy application in one call.

Examples:
- Full primary-window capture: {"path":"/tmp/full.png","port":15702}
- Entity ID capture: {"entity":4294967298,"path":"/tmp/entity.png","port":15702}
- To screenshot NatesList in one call: {"name":"NatesList","path":"/tmp/nates-list.png","port":15702}

Parameters:
- path: Required destination for the complete PNG.
- entity: Optional canonical u64 Bevy entity ID.
- name: Optional case-sensitive exact Bevy Name. The match must be unique.
- camera: Optional camera entity ID for entity or name capture.
- padding: Optional physical-pixel crop padding for entity or name capture. Defaults to zero.
- port: BRP port, default 15702.

Use either entity or name, never both. With neither selector, the tool captures the full primary
window and rejects camera or padding. A name is resolved locally through standard world.query,
then only the canonical entity ID is sent to bevy_brp_extras. Zero matches return discovery
guidance. Multiple matches report the sorted matching IDs; retry with entity, or call
world_find_entities_by_name for prefix, suffix, contains, or duplicate-name discovery.

Entity crops use the selected camera target and physical target coordinates. camera is optional;
the resolver can infer it only when one eligible camera is unambiguous. Bevy has no universal
primary camera. Generic AABB bounds are supported. Complete Bevy UI components use UI bounds when
the bevy_brp_extras ui feature is enabled; partial UI initialization is an error. The default-enabled
ui feature gates this extras crate's UI resolver, imports, and capability. Disabling it does not
guarantee that upstream UI crates disappear from cargo tree because Bevy 0.19 bevy_remote already
brings that dependency family transitively. Enabling ui also enables the Bevy text and sprite
dependencies required by Bevy UI; it does not add textual UI-tree or snapshot inspection.

The call stays open while Bevy captures the final composited target, converts it, encodes the PNG,
and atomically publishes the destination. Success and the final path are returned only after the
complete PNG is available. The crop includes every composited layer inside its bounds, including
partially covered pixels; it is not an isolated render of the selected entity. Capture, encoding,
publication, timeout, and camera-selection failures return terminal errors. Filesystem polling is
not required.

Success means the PNG is fully encoded and atomically published; it does not assert that scene
content is nonuniform. A minimized, hidden, or fully occluded primary-window surface may
legitimately produce a black image on platforms that stop presenting it. Entity captures reflect
the selected camera target; retained image or other offscreen targets avoid primary-window
presentation dependence when the application is designed to use them.

Prerequisites:
- bevy_brp_extras dependency
- BrpExtrasPlugin registered in the target application
